Vector: Notes about the following page:
	https://www.scratchapixel.com/lessons/mathematics-physics-for-computer-graphics/geometry

Vector Definition:
	Array of numbers
	Also known as "tuple"
	n-tuple = array of n elements.

	V={a,b,c,d,e,f} = 6-tuple.

Definitions:

	Point:
		position in a three-dimensional space. (x, y, z)
		Representation of position.

	Vector:
		direction + magnitude/size.
		Direction in a 3D space.
		Length of a vector represents the distance between two points.

	Homogeneous Point:
		Point with a fourth coordinate (x, y, z, w).
		Used for multiplying matrices

	Linear Transformation:
		The process of transforming the content of a vector.
		For changing the position or rotation of the vector.
		Translation for points, rotation for vectors.

	Normalised vector:
		When the length of a vector is equal to 1.
		Normalising a vector means to change it so it's length is 1, but direction is unchanged.

	Normals:
		Surface normal at point P, is the vector perpendicular to the plane.
		Used in shading.


Coordinates: (Cartesian Coordinate System)

	Each number represents a signed distance from the origin of a line, to the position of the point on that line.
	Each line in a signle dimension is called an axis.
	So a vector travels from the origin, to a point in a three dimensional space, this is the direction of the vector (line), and will continue infinitely.

Ordered Pair:
	Notation to write the coordinates of the point: (x, y).
	x = horizontal, y = vertical.
	A point can only be presented in one way in a single coordinate system, but there can be multiple coordinate systems.

	Operations on points:
		Change of Basis: (transformation)?

			Transforming points from one coordinate system to another is a very important operation.
			(add the coordinate value of the other system to the point, and you will get the coordinates of this point in that system).
			Example: Origin of B in A is (3, 1)
			so point (-1, 3) in B wil be (2, 4) in A

		Translation of a point = addition of some values to a point.
			Moving a point to another location in the same coordinate system.
		Scaling a point = multiplying both values of a point

Euclidian Space:
	3D coordinate system: x-axis = right, y-axis = up, z-axis = backwards
Left-Hand vs Right-Hand system:
	The x-axis can point to both the right and the left.
	Typically in a right-hand coordinate system the z-axis (forward vector) points away from the screen.